update steps for cluster page changes (#11883)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md

5. Click **Create**.

After the cluster is created, you will be prompted to try Chat2Query.

## Step 2. Try Chat2Query (Beta)

Chat2Query is a web-based SQL editor that allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier without using a terminal. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically.

1. Click **Go to Chat2Query** in the prompted message.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > The SQL editor currently has limited support on SQL statements. DDLs such as `CREATE TABLE` or `DROP TABLE` are not supported yet.

> 2. In the editor, you can either type a SQL statement manually or follow the on-screen instructions to let AI to generate a SQL statement for you.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the editor, you can either type a SQL statement manually or follow the on-screen instructions to let AI generate a SQL statement for you.
```

5. Click **Create**.

After the cluster is created, you will be prompted to try Chat2Query.

## Step 2. Try Chat2Query (Beta)

> Chat2Query is a web-based SQL editor that allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier without using a terminal. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chat2Query is an AI-powered SQL editor that allows you to directly edit and run SQL queries against databases of Serverless Tier without using a terminal. In Chat2Query, you can use AI to generate SQL queries automatically.
```
